that's a question how much money you
think the top four nights dreamer Bates
how many so 12 million dollars a year
right so this is yes so this is the
other thing when I talk about video
games not mean game so I work with some
professional gamers so these are people
who like make their living - playing
video games and so for you know when you
tell your kid like hey I want you to
like grow up and be a doctor an
investment banker you know and I want
you like why do you want to be in the
best banker so I can make 500 grand a
year and then there's a 16 year old kid
he's like I can do that today so you
know there are a lot of kids who like
play basketball there play football do
you think that they're gonna be in the
NBA the NFL and the sad truth is that
just a you know a tiny percentage of
them ever do it and I think when it
comes to having a conversation so I work
with some people who you know tried to
go pro and when I talked to them and I
think I talked to them about the numbers
so you know if you have a
twelve-year-old son
you should ask them you know what you
know what percentage how much money you
wanna make here and what percentage of
people make that money how many people
play for at night and how many of you
people make money from it and I'm not so
sure that a twelve-year-old can think
that abstractly like a 15 year old of 60
year old on Medicaid and so I think when
when they really when you really show
them the numbers I think that that is
one step but with a 12 year old I think
you really have to set limits and I
think the other thing which will kind of
get to is I think one of the most
important things that you can do as a
parent so is to talk to your kids talk
to them about why they play video games
because the problem is that you guys I
mean this is an indictment that y'all
don't understand